so some time ago um I started saying
this and I you know I didn't think I
would really continue doing it but it's
been a while since I've like done a
video about like any catch phrases that
I have or that I did I use and I kind of
want to share them with people but let's
say you're out and about you know and
you're at the club or you're at a
gathering somewhere where other
consenting adults are mm-hmm and you see
somebody just just fine just for no
reason you know just like just got
accidentally like put too much into the
pot when he was creating you know I'm
saying just gave them too much you know
and so you say to yourself why aren't
you walking me to my car like why aren't
you walking me to my car right now like
why aren't we conversing about what we
supposed to be doing with our lives in
in a few years you said I'm saying like
and because we're not doing it that's
just dumb that's that's just dumb I
don't understand keep your Jackson I
don't I don't understand Coco that's
just dumb but then I found myself doing
it when I would be like on my Instagram
scrolling looking at my eye candy and
things like that and I'd be like you
know I come across them you know you
know how some folks take that that money
shot like why aren't you walking me to
my car right now why I don't understand
why you're not doing it right this very
moment no I'm on the bus I understand
that but we can just pretend that you're
walking me to my car so why aren't you
all right or I can walk you to your car
it's nothing I can do five hours in your
tank let's ride somewhere so we can get
to know each other a little better I'm
saying why why aren't you walking me to
my car that's what I want to know
I'm over myself but yeah there's a few
folks like walk me to my my little
saturn ion mm-hmm yep at work I'm gonna
be a good night